# BlissExchange-The-FUTURE-of-Digital-Asset-Exchange
A holistic Cryptocurrency exchange experience.   The expert team at blissexchange specializes in building innovative technology solutions for enterprises for it's users. Bliss Token will be used as a transaction fee in the upcoming deployment of our Exchange to keep BlissExchange ecosystem healthy. Our Platform and services unleash new levels of productivity and a larger scale for Token listings. BlissExchange will accept ERC20, ERC223, ERC644, ERC721 and the new revolutionary technology of ERC1155.       What's inside Bliss.Exchange?    Wide Variety of Token Listings Secured transactions Early Access Trade Testnets BLISSAI(Trading bot) BlissFolio Wallet (BTC/ETH - ERC20 ERC223 ERC644 ERC721 ERC1155 )     Airdrop[LIVE] First 10,000 Users   Airdrop[closed] First 4,000 Users  Open Bounties Open for all bounty hunters.   Early Token Listing requesition Token Listing request of ERC20, ERC223, ERC644, ERC721 &amp; ERC1155       ROADMAP  July 2018 Project/Platform Finalization - Empower users with contracts written in code and bounded by immutable logic.  August 2018 Crowdsale - Buy BLISS tokens via crowdsale to save up and trade with something in return.  September 2018 BLISS Exchange Token in Exchangers - BLISS EXCHANGE TOKEN will go inside MERCATOX through it's direct PAID listing. The team will conduct a supervision on which exchanger will be next in line.  October 2018 BlissExchange Testnets - Advance cross-industry blockchain technologies - conduction of bugs and fixes in BlissExchange  November 2018 Supply Chain - by november we will get everything ready for our users and clients to trade inside BlissExchange.  December 2018 Deployment of Bliss.Exchange - Trade in BlissExchange with the hottest cryptocurrencies available with BTC/ETH pairing.  January 2019 Token Listing - BlissExchange will accept ERC20, ERC223, ERC644, ERC721 and the new revolutionary technology of ERC1155.  Febuary 2019 BlissFolio - separated wallet for BTC &amp; ETH for android and IOS users.         JOIN ICO ICO is Until august 30, 2018
